Feat/dv 943 reown starterkit (#281)
rsksmart/devportal: tools/tokenbridge/dappguide.md

title: Token Bridge Dapp Guide
---

This Decentralized Application helps you to interact with the Token Bridge contracts, to safely cross your tokens between RSK and Ethereum networks. It is available at [tokenbridge.rsk.co](https://tokenbridge.rsk.co/) for mainnet or [testnet.tokenbridge.rsk.co](https://testnet.tokenbridge.rsk.co/) for testnet.

## Description

> This guide describes the steps to transfer tokens using the Web Interface for the RSK Token Bridge system. Please refer to the project documentation if you’d like to know more about how this bridge works. It is possible to test the transfer of tokens between RSK Testnet and Kovan networks or RSK Mainnet and Ethereum networks using the RSK Token Bridge web interface. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide describes the steps to transfer tokens using the Web Interface for the RSK Token Bridge system. Please refer to the project documentation if you’d like to know more about how this bridge works. It is possible to test the transfer of tokens between RSK Testnet and Kovan networks, or RSK Mainnet and Ethereum networks using the RSK Token Bridge web interface. 
```

### Prerequisites

> This will require access to either Chrome or Chromium web browser, with either [Nifty Wallet](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nifty-wallet/jbdaocneiiinmjbjlgalhcelgbejmnid) or [Metamask with custom network](https://developers.rsk.co/develop/apps/wallets/metamask/) wallet browser extension installed. The derivation path used in RSK is different from the one used in Ethereum, so you need to [use a custom network](https://developers.rsk.co/tutorials/resolve-nifty-issue/#add-rsk-as-custom-node) to keep the same address in RSK and Ethereum.

Reviewer: @pmprete So what is the suggestion here? To use MetaMask or Nifty?

Also, because of the derivation path issue, it's not just MetaMask that needs a custom network, but Nifty too, and the way that it is phrased here, is a bit unclear.

I would suggest adding the following link here as it is relevant.

```markdown
More details available at about RSK's [account based architecture](/rsk/architecture/account-based/).
```

> You will need RBTC on RSK and ETH on Ethereum to pay for the necesary transactions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will need RBTC on RSK and ETH on Ethereum to pay for the necessary transactions.
```

> You will need RBTC on RSK and ETH on Ethereum to pay for the necessary transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need R-BTC on RSK and ETH on Ethereum to pay for the necessary transactions.
```

## Steps

Start by connecting your wallet (Nifty Wallet or Metamask) and select the network of your choice, in this case we will use RSK Testnet network. 

<img src="/assets/img/tools/tokenbridge/dapp-image1-1.png" />

If everything is correct, you should see the following screen:

<img src="/assets/img/tools/tokenbridge/dapp-image1-2.png" />

Then select the token that you want to transfer. For example, tRIF token (you can obtain them from the [Rif Faucet](https://faucet.rifos.org/)).

<img src="/assets/img/tools/tokenbridge/dapp-image2.png" />

Once you have selected it, enter the amount you want to transfer, then click `Cross the Tokens` button.

<img src="/assets/img/tools/tokenbridge/dapp-image3.png" />

As soon as the process starts, you will see a list of the steps needed to cross the tokens.

<img src="/assets/img/tools/tokenbridge/dapp-image4.png" />

The second and third steps will show a message pop-up to confirm the transaction, **submit the transaction**. The following image gives an example of the confirmation popup. This steps require around 30 seconds each for the transaction to be mined.

<img src="/assets/img/tools/tokenbridge/dapp-image5.png" width="300"/>

> Once all the steps are done, you have to **wait around 5 minutes in testnet or 1 hour in mainnet** for the tokens to cross. You can check the token contract on the other network by clicking on the symbol (red arrow on the image).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once all the steps are done, you have to **wait around 5 minutes in testnet or 1 hour in mainnet** for the transaction to completed and the tokens successfully crossed. You can check the token contract on the other network by clicking on the symbol (red arrow on the image).
```

Reviewer: @owans this also changes the meaning. There are multiple transactions involved, but this suggestion implies that there is only one. Let's keep the original.

title: Token Bridge Dapp Guide
---

This Decentralized Application helps you to interact with the Token Bridge contracts, to safely cross your tokens between RSK and Ethereum networks. It is available at [tokenbridge.rsk.co](https://tokenbridge.rsk.co/) for mainnet or [testnet.tokenbridge.rsk.co](https://testnet.tokenbridge.rsk.co/) for testnet.

## Description

> This guide describes the steps to transfer tokens using the Web Interface for the RSK Tokenbridge system. Please refer to the project documentation if you’d like to know more about how this bridge works. It is possible to test the transfer of tokens between RSK Testnet and Kovan networks or RSK Mainnet and Etehreum networks using the RSK Tokenbridge web interface. 

Reviewer 3: Says "Etehreum" instead of "Ethereum"

Reviewer 4: ups, tahnks

> This guide describes the steps to transfer tokens using the Web Interface for the RSK Tokenbridge system. Please refer to the project documentation if you’d like to know more about how this bridge works. It is possible to test the transfer of tokens between RSK Testnet and Kovan networks or RSK Mainnet and Etehreum networks using the RSK Tokenbridge web interface. 

Reviewer 3: Why sometimes "Token Bridge" and some other times "Tokenbridge"?

Reviewer 4: it should be Token Bridge, changing it

### Prerequisites

> This will require access to either Chrome or Chromium web browser, with either [Nifty Wallet](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nifty-wallet/jbdaocneiiinmjbjlgalhcelgbejmnid) or [Metamask with custom network](https://github.com/rsksmart/rskj/wiki/Configure-Metamask-to-connect-with-RSK) wallet browser extension installed.

Reviewer 3: The wiki link for Metamask was removed, now points to https://developers.rsk.co/develop/apps/wallets/metamask/

> There has been a breaking change in Nifty wallet since version 5.0.0 if you created you account before that time you can just use the RSK Testnet option out of the box, if you created the account after that version you will need to [use a custom network](https://developers.rsk.co/tutorials/resolve-nifty-issue/#add-rsk-as-custom-node) to keep the same address in RSK and Ethereum.

Reviewer 3: The dpath change applied only to `5.0.0`, then it rollbacked

You will need RBTC on RSK and ETH on Ethereum to pay for the necesary transactions.

## Steps

Start by connecting your wallet (Nifty Wallet or Metamask) and select the network of your choice, in this case we will use RSK Testnet network. 

<img src="/assets/img/tools/tokenbridge/dapp-image1-1.png" />

> If everything is correct, you should see the following:

Reviewer 3: the following screen?

Reviewer 4: adding "following screen" to clarify

<img src="/assets/img/tools/tokenbridge/dapp-image1-2.png" />

> Then select the token that you want to transfer. For example select the tRIF token (you can obtain them from the [Rif Faucet](https://faucet.rifos.org/)).

Reviewer 3: I would say "For example, tRIF token ..."

<img src="/assets/img/tools/tokenbridge/dapp-image2.png" />

Once you have selected it, enter the amount you want to transfer, then click `Cross the Tokens` button.

<img src="/assets/img/tools/tokenbridge/dapp-image3.png" />

> When the process starts you will see a list of the steps needed to cross the tokens.

Reviewer 3: I would say "As soon as the process starts, you will see..."

<img src="/assets/img/tools/tokenbridge/dapp-image4.png" />

The second and third steps will show a message pop-up to confirm the transaction, **submit the transaction**. The following image gives an example of the confirmation popup. This steps require around 30 seconds each for the transaction to be mined.

<img src="/assets/img/tools/tokenbridge/dapp-image5.png" width="300"/>

> Once all the steps are done, you have to **wait around 5 minutes in testnet or 1 hour in mainnet** for the tokens to cross. You can check the  token contract on the other network by clicking  on the symbol (red arrow on the image).

Reviewer 3: "clicking  on the symbol" has one extra space

> You can also change the network on you wallet (in this case we would change to Kovan). To do this add the token to your wallet using the address of the crossed token contract (red arrow on the image) in your wallet.

Reviewer 3: To do this, add the token...
